docs: add best practices page for source connector (#108)
neo4j/docs-kafka-connector: modules/ROOT/pages/source/schema-registry.adoc

Schema conflicts may arise due to the flexible nature of the graph data.

> To mitigate conflicts, it's crucial to establish a structured approach to schema enforcement and validation.
> 
> [TIP]
> Beyond schema enforcement, using a compact binary format such as Avro also improves connector throughput compared to JSON.
> See xref:source/best-practices.adoc#serialization-format[Best practices for Source connector] for details.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[TIP]
====
Beyond schema enforcement, using a compact binary format such as Avro also improves connector throughput compared to JSON.
See xref:source/best-practices.adoc#serialization-format[Best practices for Source connector] for more details.
====

```

Schema conflicts may arise due to the flexible nature of the graph data.
To mitigate conflicts, it's crucial to establish a structured approach to schema enforcement and validation.

[TIP]
====
Beyond schema enforcement, using a compact binary format such as Avro also improves connector throughput compared to JSON.
See xref:source/best-practices.adoc#serialization-format[Best practices for Source connector] for more details.
====

> == Enforcing Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Enforcing structure
```

Depending on specific requirements and data structure, changing the compatibility mode, even up to NONE, may be necessary.
However, it's important to thoroughly test compatibility changes before implementing.

[#handling-unstructured-graph-data]

> == Handling Unstructured Graph Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Handling unstructured graph data
```
